You made something great.
A template, a brush, a 3D model, a snippet.
And you want to sell it.
Selling digital work shouldn't be this hard.
Creators don't hate selling — they hate selling around the friction.
Eleven hours a week on platform admin, not on creating.
Forty-seven percent say platform fees are the biggest pain.
Almost a third have lost a sale to a payment failure.
Elixio. The marketplace built for digital creators.
Beautiful storefront, secure checkout, instant delivery.
Aura — our AI assistant that knows every page of our docs and speaks 42 languages.
Full accessibility layer: text-to-speech, speech-to-text, voice-mode conversation.
Forty-two-locale translation built in, RTL included.
elixiodigital.com
Buying on Elixio is fast. Smart search handles typos.
Checkout shows you the exact tax in your country — 127 regions.
Your file is ready the second payment clears.
You can re-download any time from your library.
Every review is from a verified buyer. No fakes, no shills.
Your dashboard shows revenue, top assets, conversion, and cohort retention.
Our AI Studio writes your listing copy, critiques your preview, coaches pricing.
Bulk operations update two hundred assets in one click with a thirty-day rollback.
We take a flat 10%. You keep 90% of every sale. No monthly fee.
Payouts weekly on Tuesdays, in your currency, to 135 countries.
How does Elixio compare?
Gumroad: ten percent plus ten dollars a month. No AI. Seven languages.
iLovePDF: free, but it's a PDF tool, not a marketplace.
Etsy Digital: six-point-five percent plus twenty cents per listing.
Elixio is ten percent flat, four AI tools, Aura in 42 languages.
127 tax regions, GDPR and CCPA built in. Every feature is built in. Nothing's a paid add-on.
For buyers: three steps.
One, search the marketplace.
Two, buy with one click. Your local tax is calculated automatically.
Three, download instantly. The whole thing takes about ninety seconds.
For creators: five steps.
One, sign up. Pick a username and a URL slug for your storefront.
Two, add your first asset. Title, description, price, files.
Three, let our AI write your listing copy for you.
Four, click publish. Your asset is live.
Five, connect your payout. Five steps, about ten minutes.
Meet Aura — our AI assistant trained on every page of our documentation.
Toggle continuous voice mode for a real hands-free conversation.
Every accessibility feature you'd expect. Built in from day one.
Elixio. The marketplace where creators and buyers meet without the platform tax headaches.
Start buying, start selling, or just ask Aura anything.
elixiodigital.com. We'll see you there.